# Import Exchange Rate Pass-Through and Financial Constraints

## 1. Introduction

Why did exchange rate fluctuations not result in price changes of the same magnitude? This is one of the core questions among a set of "exchange rate disconnect" puzzles (Obstfeld and Rogoff, 2000). As price signals in the international trade market, exchange rates appear less informative for firms than expected. Exchange rate pass-through (ERPT), which describes the elasticity of local price changes to exchange rate fluctuations, varies widely across countries, industries, and time. Understanding this pricing elasticity is of particular interest to researchers both in the fields of international trade and open macroeconomics to demystifying the exchange rate disconnect.

A large body of theoretical and empirical work explores the mechanism of incomplete exchange rate pass-through in prices. Most micro explanations and empirical evidence based on disaggregated data for incomplete exchange rate pass-through focus on the exporter sides. Exporters' productivity (Berman, Martin, and Mayer, 2012; Li, Ma, and Xu, 2015) and product quality (Chen and Juvenal, 2016; Auer, Chaney, and Sauré, 2018), as well as their imported inputs (Amiti, Itskhoki, and Konings, 2014; Wang and Yu, 2021) and market shares (Auer and Schoenle, 2016; Devereux, Dong, and Tomlin, 2017), will all affect the export exchange rate pass-through. Yet the direct role of importers in determining exchange rate pass-through remains a novel field to study. 

Financial constraints, discussed in another strand of literature, also demonstrate influence on firms’ response in price-setting decisions to exchange rate fluctuations. Strasser (2013) first finds that financially constrained exporters adjust prices in the destination market more sharply when facing exchange rate shocks, implying a more complete exchange rate pass-through. Firms with tighter financial constraints tend to set higher prices due to higher external financing premiums and the resulting higher marginal costs and face higher price elasticity of demand. Thus, with endogenously determined markups, exchange rate depreciation (appreciation) allows firms to increase (decrease) markups, but credit-constrained firms do so only to a limited extent because they have less space to adjust their profit margins. However, it remains an open question whether importers under financial constraints will behave differently in price negotiation during exchange rate shocks. Therefore, credit constraints provide an innovative entry point for us to study the import exchange rate pass-through.

In this paper, we focus on the role of importers in the determination of exchange rate pass-through and connect it with the importers' financial constraints. This paper tends to fill a gap in the literature by linking both sides of the trade relationship and provides a novel perspective to study the nature of exchange rate disconnect for emerging markets, where firms are more vulnerable to credit constraints due to immature financial markets. In contrast to the conventional framework of exchange rate pass-through where importers are mostly price takers, we contribute to the trade literature by identifying the importers' implicit sourcing power by comparing their heterogeneous capacity to absorb exchange rate shocks.

We estimate the import exchange rate pass-through as the price elasticity of import prices concerning real exchange rates using Chinese firm-level data. Specifically, we merge the Chinese Industrial Enterprises datasets with the China customs records and adopted fixed effect panel regressions specification with first-order differences to capture the changes in product prices and real exchange rates. The average import exchange rate pass-through is between 35%-40%, which is more incomplete compared to the over 95% export pass-through. Second, we identify the effects of credit constraints on importers' exchange rate pass-through. I use both US measures of sectors’ financial vulnerability (Manova, Wei, and Zhang, 2015) and Chinese measures of credit needs (Fan, Lai, and Li, 2015). In our baseline results, import prices in sectors with large financial constraints are more sensitive to exchange rate shocks. Third, we study some potential channels under which credit constraints may affect the import pass-through. We estimated the firm-level markup and total product productivities (TFP) following Loecker and Warzynski (2012) and find that credit constraints still affect import pass-through significantly even if we control both markup or TFP effects. We further divide our subjects into two subsets: two-way traders (simultaneous import and export) and one-way traders (either pure import or pure export). Credit constraints will significantly increase two-way traders' import ERPT (to be more complete) but not significant (weaker) for pure importers. Similar findings work for the export side but are less robust subject to alternative measures.

We show that importers‘ credit constraints do influence price-setting patterns in international trade. We provide evidence that (1) average import exchange rate pass-through levels in China are significantly less complete than the export ones; (2) financial constraints will increase both of them to be more complete; and (3) two-way traders' exchange rate pass-through are more sensitive to the credit constraints. In other words, financially constrained importers will absorb more price fluctuations caused by exchange rate changes, while financially constrained exporters pass through more exchange rate changes to prices, both compared to those unconstrained firms. This reflects that binding financial constraints will lead to not only narrow margins to adopt pricing-to-market strategies for the sellers but also limited sourcing power for the buyers. The two-side effects will expose those constrained two-way traders to greater exchange rate risks than pure importers or exporters.

The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. Section 2 presents a more detailed literature review. Section 3 describes the data and measurements we used. Section 4 describes the stylized patterns of import exchange rate pass-through. Section 5 shows the main empirical results about credit constraints and import exchange rate pass-through. Section 6 provides robustness checks. Section 6 concludes.

## 2. Literature Review

### 2.1 Incomplete Exchange rate pass-through

First, this paper contributes to a wide literature on the exchange rate disconnect (Obstfeld and Rogoff, 2001) and particularly on the incomplete pass-through of exchange rate fluctuations into international prices. Campa and Goldberg (2005) document the lack of sensitivity of prices to exchange rate movements and provide estimates of the pass-through of exchange rates into import prices of 23 OECD countries. Berman, Martin, and Mayer (2012) (henceforth, BMM) provide micro-level evidence of firm heterogeneity in response to real exchange rate shocks. Another milestone paper by Amiti, Itskhoki, and Konings (2014) (henceforth, AIK) finds that firms with higher import intensity and market shares have lower exchange rate pass-through. Since then, more studies link the exchange rate elasticity or pass-through to disaggregated firm-level characteristics.

We summarize three major channels leading to incomplete export price pass-through proposed by past literature. The first channel is local currency pricing (LCP). As surveyed by Engel (2002), it means short-run nominal rigidities with prices sticky in the destination currency. Under LCP, the firms that do not adjust prices have zero short-run pass-through. Gopinath and Rigobon (2008) introduce the stickiness and currency of pricing of traded goods into the discussion and provide direct evidence on the extent of LCP in US import and export prices from 1994 to 2005.  However, price rigidities can not fully explain the incomplete pass-through as shown in previous empirical results.

The second channel is pricing-to-market (PTM). It is from variable markups in which firms optimally choose different prices depending on destination market conditions. Atkeson and Burstein (2008) provide a recent quantitative investigation of the PTM channel and its implication for aggregate prices. BMM (2012) finds that more productive firms respond to exchange rate changes by changing more markup rather than volume, which allows them to pass only a fraction of exchange rate shocks to their terminal prices. Manova and Zhang (2012) also support that variable mark-ups and product quality across destinations should be considered to explain ERPT patterns. Gopinath, Itskhoki, and Rigobon (2010) about currency choice and Gopinath and Itskhoki (2010) about price adjustment frequency, further combine the above two channels. They show that the PTM and LCP channels of incomplete pass-through interact and reinforce each other, with highly variable-markup firms endogenously choosing to price in local currency as well as adopting longer price durations. If more firms were to adjust prices infrequently, the exchange rate pass-through would decline.

The third channel is the marginal production cost.  While local distribution costs could result in incomplete pass-through into consumer prices, the imported inputs channel by AIK (2014) can affect producer factory gate prices. For example, an appreciation of home currency will decrease marginal costs due to cheaper imported inputs, thus partially offsetting the increases in export prices. The linkage between import behaviors and export pass-through helps understand low aggregate exchange rate pass-through and variation in pass-through across exporters. In addition, Chatterjee, Dix-Carneiro, and Vichyanond (2013) study the effect of exchange rate shocks on multi-product firms. They find that the extent of markup adjustments in response to exchange shocks would decline with the firm-product-specific marginal costs. This phenomenon implies the association of the second and third channels mentioned above.

Recent literature reveals more firm-level evidence on heterogeneous pass-through. Chen and Juvenal (2014) predict more pricing-to-market and a smaller response of export volumes for higher quality goods and provide evidence with expert wine ratings to measure quality. Garetto (2016) raises two more arguments: 1) firm-level ERPT is a U-shaped function of firm-level productivity and market share; and 2) producers under incomplete information, such as new entrants, have lower pass-through rates than those under complete information. Likewise, Auer and Schoenle (2016) also find a U-shaped relationship between the response of import prices to exchange rate changes and exporter market share with micro-data. Devereux, Dong, and Tomlin (2017)'s novel features are that ERPT and currency invoicing depend on the market share of both importers (negative) and exporters (U-shaped). It means very small or very large exporters have higher rates of pass-through and tend to invoice in the foreign currency.

### 2.2 Credit constraints and trade

Another important strand of literature discusses the effects of firms' credit constraints on international trade. This belongs to a broader field linking financial shocks and real economic activities. It is widely believed that exporters rely on extra external capital to pay the entry costs into foreign markets which can not be covered by internal cash flows from operations. Therefore, credit constraints for firms in financially vulnerable sectors and financially underdeveloped markets will largely be responsible for the "missing trade".

Kroszner, Laeven, and Klingebiel (2007) classify firms by industries with varying degrees of external financial dependence when examining the impact of banking crises. Manova (2013) and Chaney (2016) argue that credit constraints caused by financial market imperfections affect trade because only those firms that have sufficient liquidity to finance the additional expenditures for accessing foreign markets are able to export. Feenstra, Li, and Yu (2014), Manova, Wei, and Zhang (2015), and Fan, Lai, and Li (2015) provide theoretical explanations and micro evidence from China about how credit constraints affect exports, through incomplete information, multinational links, and quality, respectively. The exchange rate fluctuations will also change their capacity for pledging collateral because of the unstable relative value of domestic and foreign assets (Kohn et al., 2020).

Strasser (2013), one of the groundbreaking works on credit constraints and exchange rate pass-through, uses a firm-level survey to show that financially-constrained firms tend to pass through exchange rate shocks to prices to a more complete extent. He argues that borrowing constraints force firms to keep pricing-to-market (PTM) to a minimum as they do not have enough margin to adjust their markups, while unconstrained firms intentionally absorb more price shocks to maintain their optimal pricing policy. Li, Lan, and Ouyang (2020) find that credit-constrained exporters respond to home currency depreciation by increasing production starting from sectors with lower external financing dependence until their limited financial resources are exhausted.

This article will directly complement and improve on two recent articles that use evidence from Chinese firms to discuss credit constraints and exchange rate pass-through. Both Dai et al. (2021) and Xu and Guo (2021) verify that more financially constrained firms' exporting activities are more sensitive to exchange rate changes than those of less constrained firms, which is similar to Strasser (2013). Dai et al. (2021)'s analysis of the effect of access to finance on exports mostly follows the PTM channel while they focus more on aggregate export behaviors rather than the bilateral elasticity of export to each country. In response to the variable markup channel, Xu and Guo (2021) further show that the effect of financial constraints on export value remains robust and significant besides the markup adjustment. 

## 3. Data and Measurements

### 3.1 Data

#### 3.1.1 Customs Transaction data

The main dataset we use is the transaction level records from the General Administration of Customs of China (GACC). The sample in this paper ranges from 2000 to 2011. This dataset includes the most comprehensive information on all Chinese trade transactions including import and export values (denominated in US dollars), quantities, quantity units, product names and codes, source and destination countries, and type of enterprises (e.g., state-owned, private, foreign-invested, and joint ventures), and etc. Using these comprehensive high-frequency trade records, we are able to compute firm–product unit values to study export or import price responses to exchange rate shocks. 

We separate the full sample into export and import parts. In our analysis, each unique transaction refers to a firm-product-country-year consolidation. The categories of products in China's customs trade records are coded according to the Harmonized Coding and Description System (Harmonized System or HS) from World Customs Organization (WCO). The original data is subject to HS 8-digit classification. Since there are two major revisions of the HS system in 2002 and 2007, we aggregate HS8 product-level information to the HS6 level and then use conversion tables from the United Nations Trade Statistics to convert the later HS 2007 and HS 2002 codes to the older version of HS 1996 as in Fan, Li, and Yeaple (2015).

#### 3.1.2 Firm-level data

The source of Chinese firm-level production and financial information is the Chinese Industrial Enterprises (CIE hereafter) database which records the annual survey of Chinese manufacturing firms conducted by the National Bureau of Statistics of China (NBSC). This database covers all state-owned enterprises (SOEs) and other enterprises with annual sales of more than 5 million RMB. Our sample period ranges from 1998 to 2007. 

The data provide details about firms’ identification, ownership, industry type, and about 80 balance sheet variables. The variables used in this project include the number of employees, total wage payments, the value of fixed assets and corresponding annual depreciation, sales income, and total operation inputs.
